-svg-loader
phase2:creation de la boxing-g20-database
phase3:creation de la blockchain-g20-ledger
phase4:integration de l'ia-investigator-agent
phase5:integration de l'avatar-builder-emoji-creator
phase6:integration de la punchline-trainer-module
phase7:integration de la point-money-reward-system
phase8:integration de la real-time-analytics-module
phase9:integration de la gamification-module
phase10:integration de la security-audit-module
phase11:integration de la user-feedback-module
phase12:integration de la real-time-communication-module
phase13:integration de la real-time-translation-module
phase14:integration de la real-time-video-module
phase15:integration de la real-time-audio-module
phase16:integration de la real-time-chatbot-module
phase17:integration de la real-time-data-visualisation-module
phase18:integration de la real-time-emoji-module
phase19:integration de la real-time-fact-checking-module
phase20:integration de la real-time-investigation-module
phase21:integration de la real-time-legal-module
phase22:integration de la real-time-machine-learning-module
phase23:integration de la real-time-news-module
phase24:integration de la real-time-notifications-module
phase25:integration de la real-time-poll-module
phase26:integration de la real-time-reporting-module
phase27:integration de la real-time-search-module
phase28:integration de la real-time-social-media-module
phase29:integration de la real-time-survey-module
phase30:integration de la real-time-task-management-module
phase31:integration de la real-time-testing-module
phase32:integration de la real-time-training-module
phase33:integration de la real-time-tutorial-module
phase34:integration de la real-time-user-management-module
phase35:integration de la real-time-voting-module
phase36:integration de la real-time-web-scraping-module
phase37:integration de la real-time-wiki-module
phase38:integration de la real-time-world-map-module
phase39:integration de la real-time-youtube-module
phase40:integration de la real-time-zendesk-module
phase41:integration de la real-time-analytics-module
phase42:integration de la real-time-automation-module
phase43:integration de la real-time-blockchain-module
phase44:integration de la real-time-cloud-module
phase45:integration de la real-time-continuous-integration-module
phase46:integration de la real-time-continuous-deployment-module
phase47:integration de la real-time-continuous-testing-module
phase48:integration de la real-time-database-module
phase49:integration de la real-time-deployment-module
phase50:integration de la real-time-devops-module
phase51:integration de la real-time-distributed-system-module
phase52:integration de la real-time-environment-module
phase53:integration de la real-time-infrastructure-module
phase54:integration de la real-time-monitoring-module
phase55:integration de la real-time-orchestration-module
phase56:integration de la real-time-provisioning-module
phase57:integration de la real-time-release-module
phase58:integration de la real-time-scheduling-module
phase59:integration de la real-time-security-module
phase60:integration de la real-time-storage-module
phase61:integration de la real-time-testing-module
phase